# dkeeper

Welcome to your new dkeeper project and to the internet computer development community. By default, creating a new project adds this README and some template files to your project directory. You can edit these template files to customize your project and to include your own code to speed up the development cycle.

To get started, you might want to explore the project directory structure and the default configuration file. Working with this project in your development environment will not affect any production deployment or identity tokens.

To learn more before you start working with dkeeper, see the following documentation available online:

- [Quick Start](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/quickstart/quickstart-intro.html)
- [SDK Developer Tools](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/developers-guide/sdk-guide.html)
- [Motoko Programming Language Guide](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/language-guide/motoko.html)
- [Motoko Language Quick Reference](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/language-guide/language-manual.html)
- [JavaScript API Reference](https://erxue-5aaaa-aaaab-qaagq-cai.raw.ic0.app)

If you want to start working on your project right away, you might want to try the following commands:

```bash
cd dkeeper/
dfx help
dfx config --help
```

## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:8000?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

Additionally, if you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 8000.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`NODE_ENV` to `production` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.NODE_ENV` in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor

## Project details

### DBANK

In this particular project we are checking basic functionality of how internet computer project works and adding basic html and css to them.
Also we see how candid UI is used for that and making any variable `stable`.

### DKEEPER

In this project we used `notes keeper app from react module` and we change it so we can persist notes on web3.0. Here we learn how to use react frontend with backend of motoko.

- useEffect was used so we can get data once the screen loads up.
- Note that, Note array was updated once someone changes something but onscreen changes were shown cause of `useState effect`, changes in the backend were done for the next load.

### token

In this project, we learnt how to make our own token by using Principal ID, and how to give token to new users, check Balance and transfer to any token.

- We also did authentication using internet computer official site and live uploading our site.
- We learnt how to make our authenticated user do contact with all the procedures like transfer and balance finding etc.
